.TH "config_values_s" 3 "17 Sep 2001" "XINE, A Free Video Player Project - API reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
config_values_s \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <xine.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char* (* \fBlookup_str\fP )(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, char *str_default)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int (* \fBlookup_int\fP )(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, int n_default)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void (* \fBset_str\fP )(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, char *value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void (* \fBset_int\fP )(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, int value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void (* \fBsave\fP )(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void (* \fBread\fP )(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcfg_data_t\fP* \fBdata\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Configuration file manipulation. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBconfig_file_init\fP() 
.PP
.SH "FIELD DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcfg_data_t\fP * config_values_s::data"
.PP
Contains private data of this configuration file. 
.SS "int(* config_values_s::lookup_int)(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, int n_default)"
.PP
Lookup integer values in configuration file. 
.SS "char *(* config_values_s::lookup_str)(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, char *str_default)"
.PP
Lookup string values in configuration file. 
.SS "void(* config_values_s::read)(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *filename)"
.PP
Read configuration file from disk, overriding values in memory. If you also want to clear values that are not in the file, use \fBconfig_file_init\fP() instead! 
.SS "void(* config_values_s::save)(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self)"
.PP
Write configuration file to disk. 
.SS "void(* config_values_s::set_int)(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, int value)"
.PP
Set integer values in configuration file. 
.SS "void(* config_values_s::set_str)(\fBconfig_values_t\fP *self, char *key, char *value)"
.PP
Set string values in configuration file. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XINE, A Free Video Player Project - API reference from the source code.