.TH "Types of available mrls" 3 "15 Oct 2001" "XINE, A Free Video Player Project - API reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Types of available mrls \- 
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_unknown\fP   (0 << 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_dvd\fP   (1 << 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_vcd\fP   (1 << 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_net\fP   (1 << 2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_rtp\fP   (1 << 3)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_stdin\fP   (1 << 4)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file\fP   (1 << 5)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_fifo\fP   (1 << 6)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_chardev\fP   (1 << 7)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_directory\fP   (1 << 8)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_blockdev\fP   (1 << 9)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_normal\fP   (1 << 10)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_symlink\fP   (1 << 11)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_sock\fP   (1 << 12)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_exec\fP   (1 << 13)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_backup\fP   (1 << 14)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBmrl_file_hidden\fP   (1 << 15)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
These types are bit field, can be used ORed/ANDed. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SH "DEFINE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "#define mrl_dvd   (1 << 0)"
.PP
DVD mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file   (1 << 5)"
.PP
File mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_backup   (1 << 14)"
.PP
Backup file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_blockdev   (1 << 9)"
.PP
Block device file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_chardev   (1 << 7)"
.PP
Char device file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_directory   (1 << 8)"
.PP
Directory file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_exec   (1 << 13)"
.PP
Executable file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_fifo   (1 << 6)"
.PP
Fifo file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_hidden   (1 << 15)"
.PP
Hidden file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_normal   (1 << 10)"
.PP
Normal file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_sock   (1 << 12)"
.PP
Socket file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_file_symlink   (1 << 11)"
.PP
Soft link file mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_net   (1 << 2)"
.PP
Network mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_rtp   (1 << 3)"
.PP
Multicast mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_stdin   (1 << 4)"
.PP
Standart input mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_unknown   (0 << 0)"
.PP
Unknow mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 
.SS "#define mrl_vcd   (1 << 1)"
.PP
VCD mrl type. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBmrl_t\fP 