.TH "Constants for the get/set properties functions." 3 "17 Sep 2001" "XINE, A Free Video Player Project - API reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Constants for the get/set properties functions. \- 
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_INTERLACED\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_ASPECT_RATIO\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_HUE\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_SATURATION\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_CONTRAST\fP   4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_BRIGHTNESS\fP   5"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_COLORKEY\fP   6"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_PROP_SOFT_DEINTERLACE\fP   7"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVO_NUM_PROPERTIES\fP   8"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DEFINE DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "#define VO_NUM_PROPERTIES   8"
.PP
Number of available properties property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_ASPECT_RATIO   1"
.PP
Aspect ratio property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP, Possible ratios for the VO_PROP_ASPECT_RATIO call 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_BRIGHTNESS   5"
.PP
Brightness property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_COLORKEY   6"
.PP
Colorkey property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_CONTRAST   4"
.PP
Contrast property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_HUE   2"
.PP
Hue property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_INTERLACED   0"
.PP
Interleave property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_SATURATION   3"
.PP
Saturation property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 
.SS "#define VO_PROP_SOFT_DEINTERLACE   7"
.PP
Software deinterlacing (BOB) property. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBvo_driver_t\fP 